Multi-Contract Frontend Example (#1305)
near/docs: docs/3.tutorials/examples/frontend-multiple-contracts.md

---
id: frontend-multiple-contracts
title: Frontend Multiple Contracts
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import {CodeTabs, Language, Github} from "@site/components/codetabs"

> This example showcases how to interact with multiple contracts from a frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example showcases how to interact with multiple contracts from a single frontend.
```

I think "single" can reinforce the idea

  <Language value="🌐 JavaScript" language="ts">
    <Github fname="index.js" 
            url="https://github.com/near-examples/frontend-multiple-contracts/blob/main/frontend/index.js"
            start="70" end="76" />
  </Language>

---

## Dispatching Multiple Transactions
The `wallet` object enables to dispatch multiple transactions simultaneously. However, please notice that the transactions execute independently.

Dispatching multiple transactions at once is just a nice way to improve UX, because the user interacts with the wallet only once.

<Language value="🌐 JavaScript" language="ts">
  <Github fname="index.js" 
          url="https://github.com/near-examples/frontend-multiple-contracts/blob/main/frontend/index.js"
          start="39" end="66" />
</Language>

In this example, the user signs two independent transactions:
1. A transaction to call `set_greeting` in our [Hello NEAR example](https://github.com/near-examples/hello-near-rust)
2. A transaction to call `add_message` in our [GuestBook example](https://github.com/near-examples/guest-book-rust)

:::caution
Even when the user accepts signing the transactions at the same time, the

> transactions remain **independent**. This is, if one fails, the other is **NOT** rollback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transactions remain **independent**. This is, if one fails, the other is **NOT** rolled back.
```
